add cancel buildrun support (#809)
shipwright-io/build: docs/buildrun.md

_**Note**_: When the SA is not defined, the `BuildRun` will default to the `default` SA in the namespace.

## Canceling a `BuildRun`

To cancel a `BuildRun` that's currently executing, update its status to mark it as canceled.

> Whe you cancel a `BuildRun`, the underlying `TaskRun` is marked as canceled per the [Tekton cancel `TaskRun` feature](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/taskruns.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you cancel a `BuildRun`, the underlying `TaskRun` is marked as canceled per the [Tekton cancel `TaskRun` feature](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/taskruns.md#cancelling-a-taskrun).
```

_**Note**_: When the SA is not defined, the `BuildRun` will default to the `default` SA in the namespace.

## Canceling a `BuildRun`

To cancel a `BuildRun` that's currently executing, update its status to mark it as canceled.

When you cancel a `BuildRun`, the underlying `TaskRun` is marked as canceled per the [Tekton cancel `TaskRun` feature](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/taskruns.md).

Example of canceling a `BuildRun`:

```yaml
apiVersion: shipwright.io/v1alpha1
kind: BuildRun
metadata:
  name: buildpack-nodejs-buildrun-namespaced
spec:
  # [...]

>   stateOverride: "BuildRunCanceled"

Reviewer 2: I think that this is supposed to just be `state`

Author: yep missed this in the latest name change

Author: updated / fixed

>   stateOverride: "BuildRunCanceled"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  state: "Canceled"
```

Author: no in this case I want some commonality with how tekton does it

that string will show up in the cli get operations

I want to leave this as is

| Status | Reason | CompletionTime is set | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Unknown | Pending                       | No  | The BuildRun is waiting on a Pod in status Pending. |
| Unknown | Running                       | No  | The BuildRun has been validate and started to perform its work. |l
| Unknown | Running                       | No  | The BuildRun has been validate and started to perform its work. |

> | Unknown | TaskRunCancelled              | No  | The user requested the BuildRun to be canceled.  This results in the BuildRun controller requesting the TaskRun be canceled.  Cancellation has not been done yet. |

Reviewer: Our status reason should also be `"BuildRunCanceled"`. The code change might simply be extending https://github.com/shipwright-io/build/blob/ea7a88638532bd9601f4b6b5c0dbe93b09803199/pkg/reconciler/buildrun/resources/conditions.go#L43-L48

A nuance here would be to set `"BuildRunCanceling"` once we notice that the user sent us a request to cancel until the actual TaskRun got canceled and then set `"BuildRunCanceled"`. But that's an edge case differentiation that I do not insist on.

Author: OK so you concur with my speculation in this PR's description, and that the current form of the prototype is incomplete wrt what I showed there wrt `TaskRunCancelled` being shown.

Yes as I evolve this PR beyond WIP, assuming there are not dissenters to the API, I'll do this.

| False    | ServiceAccountNotFound       | Yes | The referenced service account was not found in the cluster. |
| False    | BuildRegistrationFailed      | Yes | The related Build in the BuildRun is on a Failed state. |
| False    | BuildNotFound                | Yes | The related Build in the BuildRun was not found. |

> | False    | TaskRunCancelled             | Yes | The BuildRun and underlying TaskRun were canceled successfully. |

Reviewer: Same here, should be `"BuildRunCanceled"`.
